3rd set of JS active learning updates (#40272)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn_web_development/core/scripting/build_your_own_function/index.md

2. Now open your browser developer tools on the example page, go to the JavaScript console and type the line again there, you'll see it appear again! So this is fun — we now have a reusable function that we can call any time we like.

However, we probably want the message box to appear in response to user and system actions. In a real application, such a message box would probably be called in response to new data being available, or an error having occurred, or the user trying to delete their profile ("are you sure about this?"), or the user adding a new contact and the operation completing successfully, etc.

In this demo, we'll get the message box to appear when the user clicks the button.

1. Delete the previous line you added.

> 2. Next, we'll select the button and store a reference to it in a constant. Add the following line to your code, above the function definition:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select the `<button>` element and store a reference to it in a constant. Add the following line to your code, above the function definition:
```

   ```js
   const btn = document.querySelector("button");
   ```

> 3. Add the following line below the previous one:

Reviewer: You might have better wording for it, but maybe this helps:

```suggestion
3. Create an event listener for button clicks that calls our function. Add the following line after the `const btn =` one:
```
